What is your current passion project? 
Do you have any hobbies? 
How do you like to spend your free time?
What kind of music are you into? 
Do you have any pets? 
What’s your claim to fame?
Who is one of your favorite celebrity role models?
What is your dream job?
How did you find out about [current place/event]?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What skill would you like to master? 
What do you like to learn about?
What has been the highlight of this past week?
What has been the highlight of your year? 
Have you read any intriguing books lately?
What’s your current favorite TV show/movie? 
Do you have any nicknames?
What is your favorite place you’ve traveled to? 
Where did you grow up?
How long have you lived in [city]?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite sport? 
Where is your favorite restaurant around here? 
How do you take your coffee or tea?
If you could be any type of dog, what breed would you be and why?
What is something you’ve always wanted to learn?
What is your biggest regret? 
If you could trade places with anyone for a week, who would it be?
What fictional character do you most relate to?
What do you daydream about? 
What is your proudest accomplishment? 
What is your astrological sign?
What motivates you to work hard?
If money were no object, how would you spend your time?
Who is your favorite author?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
Do you collect anything?
Do you see the glass as half-full or half-empty?
What is your favorite movie of all time? 
What was your favorite subject in school? 
What is one thing you will never do again?
Did you play any sports growing up?
What is the weirdest hobby you’ve tried?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor? 
What is something you’ve always wanted to do but haven’t tried yet? 
Do you enjoy your alone time?
Would you consider yourself an introvert or an extrovert?
What qualities do you look for in a friend?
What’s your favorite way to spend time with your family?
What is the most relaxing part of your day? 
Do you have any siblings?
Are you the youngest, middle, or oldest child? 
What was your favorite age of childhood? 
What is the best concert you’ve ever been to?
What is your favorite way to unwind? 
What causes are you passionate about?
What are you most excited about right now?
Have you ever had a surprise party?
Which of your five senses would you say is the strongest?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
Are you related to anyone famous?
Does your family have a “motto”?
What is your mantra? 
Do you believe in the power of manifestation?
What is one thing you tried that you’ll never do again?
What was your first job?
What is the most exciting thing you can see out your kitchen window?
What would your dream house look like? 
What is the most spontaneous thing you’ve ever done?
What is the most helpful thing you own?
If your younger self could meet you as an adult, what would they be most impressed by?
What is at the top of your bucket list?
If you had one month to live, what would you do?
Are you a cat or a dog person?
What do you think is the most essential professional skill?
What do you think is the most essential life skill?
What job would you be terrible at?
What was the worst job you ever had?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
Do you like to read or listen to audiobooks?
What do you look forward to every day?
Do you have any daily or weekly rituals?
Do you think self-care is important?
If you could look into a crystal ball to see the future, would you want to do it?
Where do you see yourself living when you retire?
What’s the most beautiful place you’ve ever seen in person?
Do you prefer a beach or mountain vacation?
What is your favorite thing about your career?
What is your favorite season?
Where is your favorite coffee shop?
What is one brand that you identify with?
If you could start a charity, what would it be?
What is the best part of your day?
Do you like cities or rural areas better?
If you could re-live any decade of your life, which one would you re-do?
If you could be any animal, what would you be and why?
Do you eat or drink soup? 
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
What is the best gift you have ever received? 
If you were a superhero, what powers would you want to have?
What is your favorite animal? 
What’s your favorite family recipe?
Do you like rollercoasters?
Who would play you in a movie about your life? 
What song reminds you of high school?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten? 
If you could meet up with any celebrity for coffee, who would you choose?  
If you were the ruler of your own country, what would be the first law you’d put into place? 
Have you ever eaten a bug? 
How would you survive a zombie apocalypse?
What’s your favorite ice cream topping? 
What is your favorite holiday?
If you could be any tree, what kind would you be and why?
Do you have a favorite type of exercise?
Would you instead cook at home or order in?
Which phone app do you use the most?
Have you ever disliked something and then changed your mind?
What is your most prized possession?
Have you ever had a celebrity crush? 
Are you an organ donor on your driver’s license?
Do you believe in ghosts? Why or why not? 
Are you good at solving puzzles?
Do you think you can be friends with your colleagues? 
Do you sing in the shower?
How many hours early do you show up at the airport before a flight? 
If you had a yacht, what would you name it? 
Can you say your ABCs backwards?
Are you double jointed?
Do you step on the cracks in the sidewalk or step over them? 
Do you ever dance like nobody is watching?
What is the first thing you do in the morning?
What is the last thing you do at night? 
What is the most unusual place you’ve ever slept in? 
What would be the title of your memoir?
If you had unlimited money to start a business, what would it be?
If you had the opportunity to be immortal, would you take it?
Which famous historical person would you want to spend the day with?
What is your favorite article of clothing?
Do you think good people can do bad things?
Do you think bad people can do good things?
What is the first step you take to achieve a goal?
Have you ever been in a food fight?
Do you like cheese or butter more?
What rules do you mean to break?
How many times a day do you brush your hair?
Have you ever ridden a horse? Did you like it?
How would you react if an alligator arrived at your door?
What do you do when nobody is watching? 
Do you count your missed calls?
How often do you say “thank you” or “I’m sorry” in a day?
Are you good at remembering things on the spot?
What is your quirkiest hidden quality?
Which outfit in your closet have you worn more than any other?
When was the last time you screamed at somebody?
What’s your favorite road trip you’ve ever taken?
Do you own a pair of cowboy boots?
If you could have eyes in the back of your head, would you?
Have you ever forgotten your wallet while paying for something? 
If you only had 5 minutes in a grocery store, what would you buy?
If you got stranded on a desert island with only 3 items, what would they be?
Who knows you best?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
What makes you feel unstoppable? 
What is your biggest fear? 
Who is the smartest person you know?
What is your favorite family holiday tradition?
What is the essential quality in a romantic relationship?
How long was your longest committed relationship? 
If you could go back and change one thing about your past, what would it be? 
Which is more important – beauty, power, or money? 
What’s your biggest fear?
What makes you feel unstoppable?
What is your biggest regret?
Do you think people are mostly good or mostly evil? Why? 
Where do you go when you need fresh inspiration?
What’s your philosophy on life?
Do you like diving into the deep end or easing your way into the water? (literally or figuratively)?
What life-changing events have you experienced? 
What’s one thing you would change about yourself? 
Have you ever had a moment of deja vu? 
What legacy do you want to leave on Earth once you’re gone? 
What gives you hope? 
Have you ever had your heart broken? 
Have you ever broken someone’s heart? 
What was your most embarrassing moment? 
If you could time travel, would you go to the past or the future?
What words of wisdom would you pass down to your younger self? 
What’s your go-to guilty pleasure? 
How do you show kindness to others?
Have you heard of “love languages”? What is your main one?
What is your definition of success? 
What is a relationship dealbreaker for you?
How would you title this chapter of your life? 
If you only had one month left to live, how would you spend it? 
What is the best advice someone has ever given you? 
What makes you feel alive?
Do you typically follow your heart or your head?
What are you most grateful for in your life? 
Do you have a best friend?
How do you overcome personal setbacks?
Is it easy for you to accept help when you need it?
Do you think dreams have hidden meanings? Why or why not?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
How do you define beauty?
Do you think brains or looks are more attractive? 
What do you think happens after death? 
What is your most irrational fear?
Do you believe in second chances?
If you could snap your fingers and make the world a better place, what would you do?
What you rather someone be honest and hurt your feelings or lie to protect them?
How can someone lose your trust?
What personality traits are you most proud of?
If you could play one song every time you walked into a room, what would it be?
Why is sandwich meat round when bread is square?
Who is the fifth person on your missed calls?
If animals could talk, which species would be the nicest? 
What’s your most hated form of transportation?
Have you ever dreamed of going to another planet?
Which superpower would you never want to have?
What do you think about when you’re on the toilet?
How do birds pee?
Do you think someone could live forever?
How many pairs of pants do you own?
What is the highest number you’ve ever counted?
Do you ever lower the music volume when you’re looking for an address? 
What question do people ask you that you dislike?
If a bald person works in a restaurant, do you think they still need to wear a hairnet?
What is your favorite sleeping position?
What have you forgotten today?
Do you think you would be friends with a clone of yourself?
When did time begin?
Did you ever eat Play-Doh as a kid?
What is the weirdest text message you’ve ever gotten?
If you had a date with someone in this room right now, who would be the most uncomfortable person to go with?
Do you think you’re a good kisser? 
What’s your favorite body part?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
If you could wake up tomorrow with one physical change, what would it be? 
When was the last time you sang to yourself?
Is a hotdog a sandwich? 
What part of a kid’s movie completely scarred you for life?
What kind of secret society would you start?
What is the weirdest smell you’ve ever smelled? 
What is invisible but you wish people could see? 
Which body part do you wish you could detach and why?
What is the weirdest thing a guest has done at your house?
What would it take to gross you out on a date completely? 
If life were a video game, what would be your favorite cheat code?
What’s the worst name for an amusement park?
If police arrested you with no explanation, what would your friends and family assume you had done?
If you were a mad scientist, what experiment would you run?
If you could own any mythical creature (unicorn, phoenix, etc.), which one would you want?
What you rather have, a dirty house or a dirty car? 
How many times do you think you lie in a day?
Have you ever tried to eat an ant or a worm?
Who is your partner in crime?
Would you talk to a random person in a movie theater?
Which is creepier – walking up on someone unexpectedly behind or staring at them through binoculars?
Do you check yourself out in the windows when you pass?
How many times do you change clothes in a day?
What music video can you watch over and over again without getting bored?
What’s the weirdest thing you secretly do daily? 
What’s worse – no hair or no teeth?
What’s the most disgusting food you’ve ever eaten? 
If someone looked through your internet search history, what would be the weirdest inquiry they’d find?
What’s your favorite corny joke?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking you know them, only to realize they are the wrong person?
What’s the best Wi-Fi network name you’ve seen? 
What is a song you pretend you don’t like because it’s embarrassing that you love it? 
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
What’s your dumbest dance move? 
Have you ever tried to look cool in front of someone and failed?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve seen someone do in public? 
When was the last time you had a big fail moment? 
If you could live anywhere in the world but had to stay naked all the time, where would you choose?  
What voice accent impersonations can you do (British, Australian, country, etc.)? 
Have you ever tripped or fallen in front of a vast crowd?
If you could have one useless superpower, what would it be?
Which sport would be funniest if it had mandatory alcohol?
What’s the silliest way you’ve accidentally injured yourself?
What’s the most awkward first date you’ve ever been on? 
What’s your favorite white elephant gift?
What is something trendy now that people will be embarrassed about in 5 years? 
Where is the worst smelling place you’ve ever been? 
What is the most useless talent you have? 
If you got banned from the library, what would be the reason behind it?
Do you think penguins have knees?
Why is it called lipstick if it doesn’t stick your lips together?
What would be the worst bio for a dating app? 
Why is it called “taking a dump”? Shouldn’t it be called “leaving a dump?” 
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever said on a date? 
How do you want to die? 
If you could be any comedian or celebrity, who would you be? 
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done on a night out? 
What is the goofiest or weirdest thing you did as a kid? 
What is the strangest purchase you’ve ever made? 
What would people call the sitcom of our friendship?
What is your most obnoxious laugh?
What is the funniest nickname that somebody has given you?
What’s a rule that you make everyone follow in your house?
Is it weird for an adult to sleep with a stuffed animal?
What was the last thing you searched on Google?
If you could do karaoke with any famous person for a day, who would it be?
What do you do when you pull up next to someone at a stoplight and see them jamming out to music? 
Do you pick your nose?  
What is the most ridiculous outfit you’ve ever worn? 
What is the funniest Halloween costume you’ve ever seen? 
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
What would you do with 15 minutes of fame?
What conspiracy theory do you think might be true?
If you could charge a million dollars for a service, what would it be?
What’s the most ridiculous lie someone has ever told you to your face?
If you could make a TV show about your best friend’s life, what would you call it?
Can you describe the craziest person you’ve ever met?
Have you ever eaten food on the ground?
What is your favorite slang?
If you had to wear a swimsuit or a business suit for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
If you had to choose between your eyebrows or eyelashes, which would you keep?
What is worse during a kiss? Sneezing or burping?
Have you ever farted in a yoga class? 
What’s the easiest way to make you laugh?
Are you ticklish?
If you publicly trip and fall, do you laugh it off or just keep walking? 
Can you touch your nose with your tongue?
Which fairy tales do you find the most outrageous?
How would you describe your face if you could only use vegetables for reference?
What one normal thing becomes weird if you do it more than once?
What is the most awkward question someone has ever asked you?
How many animal sounds can you make?
What is the most annoying song you’ve ever heard?
When was the last time you lied?
When was the last time you cried?
What's your biggest fear?
What's your biggest fantasy?
Who's the last person you searched on Instagram?
What's the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
What's your relationship dealbreaker?
What's a secret you've never told anyone?
Do you have a hidden talent?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
Have you ever cheated in an exam?
If you were going to be on a reality TV show, which would it be?
What's your biggest insecurity?
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made?
What's one thing you hate people knowing about you?
What's the worst thing anyone's ever done to you?
What's the best thing anyone's ever done for you?
What's your worst habit?
What's the biggest misconception about you?
What's one thing you wish people knew about you?
Why did your last relationship break down?
What's the best piece of advice you've been given?
What's the most you've spent on a night out?
Have you ever returned or re-gifted a present?
Do you have a favourite sibling?
What have you purchased that's been the biggest waste of money?
How would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 10?
What celebrity do you look up to?
If you could be one celebrity for a day, who would it be?
If you could do any job in the world, what would it be?
What's your dream life?
What do you value the most - money, fame, success, friends, family, etc?
  
  

